feat: create bridge configuration in offline mode (#2843)
thin-edge/thin-edge.io: docs/src/start/connect-c8y.md

tedge-agent service successfully started and enabled!
```

If your device does not have an internet access and you want to create configuration for requested bridge, you can run a `tedge connect c8y` with an `--offline` flag. 

```sh
sudo tedge connect c8y --offline
```

```text title="Output"
Checking if systemd is available.

Checking if configuration for requested bridge already exists.

Validating the bridge certificates.

Offline mode. Skipping device creation in Cumulocity cloud.

Saving configuration for requested bridge.

Restarting mosquitto service.

Awaiting mosquitto to start. This may take up to 5 seconds.

Enabling mosquitto service on reboots.

Successfully created bridge connection!

Offline mode. Skipping connection check.

Checking if tedge-mapper is installed.

Starting tedge-mapper-c8y service.

Persisting tedge-mapper-c8y on reboot.

tedge-mapper-c8y service successfully started and enabled!

Enabling software management.

Checking if tedge-agent is installed.

Starting tedge-agent service.

Persisting tedge-agent on reboot.

tedge-agent service successfully started and enabled!
```

> In order for the above command to work, the device must be pre-registered in your tenant. If the internet connection is restored, the thin-edge.io instance will establish a connection with the cloud.

Reviewer: As there is no attempt to connect the cloud, `tedge connect c8y --offline` should work even if the device is not registered yet.

```suggestion
If the device certificate is trusted by c8y when the internet connection is restored,  the thin-edge.io instance will  automatically establish a connection with the cloud.
```

Author: resolved in ad228b8049743cff3f0b8a463392554dceb7fd8c
